MTM-56205 Improved description of how the inventory roles configurati… (#1520)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/standard-tenant/managing-permissions-bundle/inventory-roles.md

Add a permission to the role by clicking the plus icon next to the desired category.

> In the **Type** field, specify a fragments to further restrict the types of data that this permission applies to. Access will be only granted to objects that contain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the **Type** field, specify a fragment to further restrict the types of data that this permission applies to. Access will only be granted to objects that contain
```

Author: Changed.

> In the **Type** field, specify a fragments to further restrict the types of data that this permission applies to. Access will be only granted to objects that contain

Reviewer: Is there any reason why this field is not labeled "Fragment type"?

Author: I don't think so, maybe it should be changed.

> exactly the specified **Fragment Types**. If the selected object contains more fragment types than those defined in the inventory roles configuration, in order to display it, they also must be added to the inventory role configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
exactly the specified fragment types. If the selected object contains more fragment types than those defined in the inventory roles configuration, in order to display it, they also must be added to the inventory role configuration.
```

Reviewer: As this is not the name of the field, it is confusing to format it like a field name.

Author: Changed.

For example, assume that your device sends measurements related to device management, such as "c8y_SignalStrength" but the measurement itself also has "c8y_Temperature" which you are not interested in.

> For the selected device, there are also measurements containing only the c8y_Temperature fragment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the selected device, there are also measurements containing only the "c8y_Temperature" fragment.
```

Author: Changed.

    POST /measurement/measurements
    ...
    {
        "source": { "id": "2480300" },
        "time": "2013-07-02T16:32:30.152+02:00",
        "type": "SignalStrength",
        "c8y_SignalStrength": {
            "rssi": { "value": -53, "unit": "dBm" },
            "ber": { "value": 0.14, "unit": "%" }
        },
        "c8y_Temperature": {
            "T": { "value": 10, "unit": "C" }
        }
    }
    POST /measurement/measurements
    ...
    {
        "source": { "id": "2480300" },
        "time": "2013-07-02T16:32:30.152+02:00",
        "type": "SignalStrength",
        "c8y_Temperature": {
            "T": { "value": 10, "unit": "C" }
        }
    }

> You want a user to see only the device management measurements which have a fragment c8y_SignalStrength. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You want a user to only see the device management measurements which have a fragment "c8y_SignalStrength". 
```

Author: Changed.

> In the default configuration for inventory roles we need to provide access to all fragments that the measurement has, that is, "c8y_SignalStrength" and "c8y_Temperature".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the default configuration for inventory roles we must provide access to all fragments that the measurement has, that is, "c8y_SignalStrength" and "c8y_Temperature".
```

<img src="/images/users-guide/Administration/default-roles-inventory.png" alt="Default inventory role configuration">

> Note that if a measurement also contains other fragments types, they must also be added in the inventory role configuration, and they are also returned in the response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that if a measurement also contains other fragment types, they must also be added in the inventory role configuration, and they are also returned in the response.
```

Author: Changed.

> Note that if a measurement also contains other fragments types, they must also be added in the inventory role configuration, and they also will be returned in the response. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that if a measurement also contains other fragments types, they must also be added in the inventory role configuration, and they are also returned in the response. 
```

Author: Changed.

Otherwise such measurements are not returned because they contain fields to which the user has not been granted access.

The response looks like below:
    
    GET /measurement/measurements
    ...
    {
        "source": { "id": "2480300" },
        "time": "2013-07-02T16:32:30.152+02:00",
        "type": "SignalStrength",
        "c8y_SignalStrength": {
            "rssi": { "value": -53, "unit": "dBm" },
            "ber": { "value": 0.14, "unit": "%" }
        },
        "c8y_Temperature": {
            "T": { "value": 10, "unit": "C" }
        }
    }

> A tenant option `acl.measurement.only-accessible-fragments` in the category `configuration` can be used for measurements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tenant option `acl.measurement.only-accessible-fragments` in the category `configuration` can be used for measurements.
```

Author: Changed.

> From version 10.17 a new tenant options **"acl.measurement.only-accessible-fragments"** in category "configuration" has been introduced for measurements (other APIs remain unchanged). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A tenant option `acl.measurement.only-accessible-fragments` in the category `configuration` can be used for measurements. 
```

Reviewer: We usually don´t use phrases like this "was introduced in release xxx". We just add it to the documentation for the respective release. Is it relevant for the user when it was introduced otheriwse I would just describe it.

Author: Changed.

To enable it set the option value to "true" as below.

    POST /tenant/options
    ...
    {
        "category": "configuration",
        "key": "acl.measurement.only-accessible-fragments",
        "value": "true"
    }

> After setting the parameter to true, in order to have access to a single measurement parameter like c8y_SignalStrength, you do not have to grant access to all fragments types that the measurement has.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After setting the parameter to true, in order to have access to a single measurement fragment like "c8y_SignalStrength", you do not have to grant access to all fragments types that the measurement has.
```

Author: Changed.

> For example, assume that your device sends measurements such as those in the previous example, including c8y_SignalStrength and c8y_Temperature and other measurements with c8y_Temperature only. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, assume that your device sends measurements such as those in the previous example, including "c8y_SignalStrength" and "c8y_Temperature" and other measurements with "c8y_Temperature" only. 
```

Author: Changed.

    POST /measurement/measurements
    ...
    {
        "source": { "id": "2480300" },
        "time": "2013-07-02T16:32:30.152+02:00",
        "type": "SignalStrength",
        "c8y_SignalStrength": {
            "rssi": { "value": -53, "unit": "dBm" },
            "ber": { "value": 0.14, "unit": "%" }
        },
        "c8y_Temperature": {
            "T": { "value": 10, "unit": "C" }
        }
    }
    POST /measurement/measurements
    ...
    {
        "source": { "id": "2480300" },
        "time": "2013-07-02T16:32:30.152+02:00",
        "type": "SignalStrength",
        "c8y_Temperature": {
            "T": { "value": 10, "unit": "C" }
        }
    }    

    HTTP/1.1 201 Created

> You want a user to see only the device management measurements which have a fragment c8y_SignalStrength.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You want a user to only see the device management measurements which have a fragment "c8y_SignalStrength".
```

Author: Changed.

Add a permission to the role by clicking the plus icon next to the desired category.

In the **Type** field, specify a type to further restrict the type of data that this permission applies to. Access will be only granted to objects that contain

> only the specified **Type**. If the selected object contains more fragment types than those defined in the inventory roles configuration, in order to display it, they also must be added to the inventory role configuration.

Author: Change in some places - on UI it is still Type

> only the specified **Type**. If the selected object contains more fragment types than those defined in the inventory roles configuration, in order to display it, they also need to be added to the inventory role configuration.

Author: Changed.

> For example, assume that your device sends measurements related to device management, such as "c8y&#95;SignalStrength" but measurement itself also has "c8y&#95;Temperature" in which we are not interested. You want a user to only see the device management measurements. In the default configuration for measurement, we must provide all types of fragments that measurement has i.e "c8y&#95;SignalStrength" and "c8y&#95;Temperature".

Author: Changed.

> Note that if a measurements also contains other fragments types, they also must be added in the inventory role configuration, otherwise, such measurements will not be returned because they contain fields to which the user has not been granted access.

Author: Changed.

> With version 10.17 an additional configuration was created for measurements (other categories remain unchanged). After setting the "acl.measurement.only-accessible-fragments" parameter to true, in order to have access to a single measurement parameter, you do not have to grant access to all fragments types that the measurement has. Only measurements that have a defined set of types are returned, and additional types not listed in the inventory role configuration are removed from the returned measurements.

Reviewer 2: Please menition how to set "acl.measurement.only-accessible-fragments" parameter

Reviewer 3: for me whole this documentation is missing examples (full, with 2 measurements and 2 requests). If I wouldn't test it in the past, I would probably not understand this chapter.

Author: Changed.

> With version 10.17 an additional configuration was created for measurements (other categories remain unchanged). After setting the "acl.measurement.only-accessible-fragments" parameter to true, in order to have access to a single measurement parameter, you do not have to grant access to all fragments types that the measurement has. Only measurements that have a defined set of types are returned, and additional types not listed in the inventory role configuration are removed from the returned measurements.

Author: Changed.

> From version 10.17, an additional configuration was created for measurements (other categories remain unchanged). After setting the "acl.measurement.only-accessible-fragments" parameter to true, in order to have access to a single measurement parameter, we do not have to grant access to all fragments types that the measurement has. After switching the flag, only measurements that have a defined set of types will be returned, and additional type not listed in the inventory role configuration is removed from the returned measurements.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
With version 10.17 an additional configuration was created for measurements (other categories remain unchanged). After setting the "acl.measurement.only-accessible-fragments" parameter to true, in order to have access to a single measurement parameter, you do not have to grant access to all fragments types that the measurement has. Only measurements that have a defined set of types are returned, and additional types not listed in the inventory role configuration are removed from the returned measurements.
```

Author: Changed.

> This will allow the user to see measurements that contain only defined types e.g. "c8y&#95;SignalStrength" without the additional need to configure other types of fragments that the measurement has.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
This allows the user to see measurements that contain only the defined types, for example, "c8y_SignalStrength", without the additional need to configure other types of fragments that the measurement has.
```

Author: Changed.
